

11 May 2015, 0007

Currently listening to 'Samurai Heart(Some like it hot!)' while 
trying create a dictionary in python mapping the manganames to the 
links in mangareader.net.

Will update after inevitable success.


Update:
11 May 2015, 0357

Sucessfull in extracting main manga links.
Have made a new file warrior2.py that is currently a duplicate of 
warrior.py. Will be easy to fall back after unexpected failure.

Will now utilise the pickle module of python's standard library to store and read the dictionary

Update1:
11 May 2015, 1514

After wasting the whole day, have been able to access the main page of 
any manga title.

Remaining problems:
    -> Downloading specified chapters and getting images
    -> Enhancing the user interface
    -> Much later, adding other websites
    -> Making an executablr

The next update will come soon.


Update2:
26 May 2015, 0334

Yosh! Finally got an internet connection after a long time.

MangaWarrior is partially a success.
Now, users can choose the manga of their choice, and click on a chapter to 
download all the images that are already labeled by mangareader.net

However, there are still many problems left,  namely:
    -The chapter selection listbox has to be converted to a 
     tickalble-list-like object, like radio fields to allow for the 
     downloading of multiple chapters.
    -The title of the chapter also should be included in the chapter's 
     folder.
    -The user interface needs to be more refined.
    -I really, REALLY need to clean my code up. I'm not very confident
     about being able to understand warrior3.py after a few months.

On the bright side, I've successfully downloaded and read 3 chapters 
of Gintama using MangaWarrior(431-433, Ikumatsu's father arc), so all's well.

0338

4 June 2015, 00:02

Only 11 days left for the exam, yet I am still unable to study. Oh well, I can manage in ten
days if I stop using my computer. Probably.

Now, the goals of this session are:
    - Add the functionality to download multiple chapters at a time using
      radio buttons and click-buttons
    - If radio buttons prove to be unfeasible, I can always use the multiple-selection
      property of ListBox

00:04


NEW UPDATE
01:46, same day

Progress so far:
    - I'v succeeded in implementing checkboxes using a Text widget that allows multiple
      selections, and a button is hooked up to download the selected chapters. The problem is,
      ticking a chapter does not appear to change its corresponding value(I used a dictionary to
      implement this).
    - Once I've found a way around this, MangaWarrior will be better than ever.

01:48

 
SPECIAL UPDATE!!!!
18:27, Same day

Some special improvements are:
    - The unchanging-value problem was fixed by using TopLevel, thereby eliminating
      the need of two mainloops
    - Oldtype and Newtype links are downloaded differently so there are no more 404 errors.
    - NOTE:The new filename is warrior_new.py

Some things to be fixed are:
    - The sorting order of the chapters
    - Need to include the chapters' titles
    - Other miscellaneous things

END 18:31

PS: I'm not even going to touch this computer from now on until my board exams are over. After
    all, I don't want to fail, do I?

UODATE
2015-09-26
The new file is warrior_gamma.py


